## ITEM 3.ITEM 3.LEGAL PROCEEDINGSLEGAL PROCEEDINGSLEGAL PROCEEDINGS
### I. SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION: 
The Company is involved in legal proceedings arising in the normal course of its business, including litigation, arbitration and other claims, and investigations, inspections, subpoenas, audits, claims, inquiries and similar actions by governmental authorities\. We discuss certain legal proceedings in Note 9 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in "Item 8\. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," which is captioned "Contingencies," under the sub\-caption "Legal Proceedings\." We refer you to that discussion for important information concerning those legal proceedings, including the basis for such actions and, where known, the relief sought\. We provide the following additional information concerning those legal proceedings, including the name of the lawsuit, the court in which the lawsuit is pending, and the date on which the petition commencing the lawsuit or appeal was filed, in addition to disclosure of certain other legal matters\.
#### Opioid-Related Litigation: 
##### In re National Prescription Opiate Litigation (MDL No. 2804) (the "MDL") is pending in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio and includes approximately 230 cases with claims against the Company as of March 6, 2026. In addition, the following 13 other opioid-related cases against the Company and its subsidiaries were pending in U.S. state and federal courts and Canadian courts as of March 6, 2026: Baby Doe 1, et al. v. Allergan Finances, LLC, et al., U.S. Dist. Ct., E.D. Tenn., 4/29/25; Marshall Cty. Bd. of Educ., et al. v. Cephalon, Inc., et al., U.S. Dist. Ct., N.D. W. Va., 10/28/24; Reiner v. CVS Pharm., Inc., et al., Nev. 5th Jud. Dist. Ct., Nye Cty., 2/26/24; Chaney v. CVS Pharm., Inc., et al., Ky. Cir. Ct., Perry Cty., 12/11/23; City of Grande Prairie, et al. v. Apotex Inc., et al., Alta. King's Bench Ct., Calgary Jud. Ctr., 4/27/23; Lac La Ronge Indian Band, et al. v. Apotex Inc., et al., Sask. King's Bench Ct., Prince Albert Jud. Ctr., 3/17/23; Commonwealth of Pennsylvania ex rel. Allegheny Cty. Dist. Att'y Stephen A. Zappala, Jr. v. CVS Ind., LLC, et al., Pa. Ct. Com. Pl., Delaware Cty., 8/8/22; Baby Doe, et al., ex rel. Their Guardian Ad Litem v. Endo Health Sols., Inc., et al., U.S. Dist. Ct., M.D. Tenn., 8/3/22; Paynter ex rel. Minor Child(ren) Z.N.B. v. McKesson Corp., et al., W. Va. Cir. Ct., Kanawha Cty., 3/28/22; Blankenship ex rel. Minor Child Z.D.B. v. McKesson Corp., et al., W. Va. Cir. Ct., Kanawha Cty., 1/14/22; Miss. Baptist Med. Ctr. Inc., et al. v. Amneal Pharm., LLC, et al., Miss. 1st Jud. Dist., Hinds Cty. Cir. Ct., 5/15/20; Dallas Cty. Hosp. Dist. d/b/a Parkland Health & Hosp. Sys., et al., v. Amneal Pharm., LLC, et al., Tex. Dist. Ct., 152nd Jud. Dist., Harris Cty., 11/20/19; Fla. Health Scis. Ctr., Inc., et al. v. Sackler, et al., Fla. Cir. Ct., 17th Jud. Cir., Broward Cty., 9/16/19.
#### DOJ Opioid Civil Litigation: 
##### United States of America v. Walmart Inc., et al., USDC, Dist. of DE, 12/22/20.
#### Settlement of Certain Opioid-Related Matters: 
As described in more detail in Note 9 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company accrued a liability of approximately $3\.3 billion in fiscal year 2023 for certain opioid\-related settlements\. As of January 31, 2025, all of the accrued liability has been paid\.
#### False Claims Act Litigation: 
##### United States of America ex rel. James Marcilla and Isela Chavez, USDC, Dist. of N.M., 8/23/19, transferred to USDC Dist. of DE 7/25/24.
#### ASDA Equal Value Claims: 
##### Ms S Brierley & Others v. ASDA Stores Ltd (2406372/2008 & Others – Manchester Employment Tribunal); Abbas & Others v Asda Stores limited (KB-2022-003243); and Abusubih & Others v Asda Stores limited (KB-2022-003240).
#### Federal Trade Commission and State Attorneys General Driver Platform Litigation: 
##### Federal Trade Commission, et al. v. Walmart Inc., USDC, N.D. Cal., 2/26/26.
#### Mexico Antitrust Matter:
 Comisión Federal de Competencia Económica of México, Investigative Authority v\. Nueva Wal\-Mart de México, S\.de R\.L\. de C\.V\. \(Docket IO\-002\-2020, consolidated with Docket DE\-026\-2020\), Mexico, 10/6/23\.
#### India Antitrust Matter: 
Competition Commission of India, Case No\. 40 of 2019, order initiating investigation 1/13/20\.
### II. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS:
 Item 103 of SEC Regulation S\-K requires disclosure of certain environmental matters when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings and such proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions that the Company reasonably believes will exceed $1 million\.
In October 2023, the Company received a Finding of Violation from the U\.S\. Environmental Protection Agency \(the "EPA"\) alleging violations of the Clean Air Act in connection with the Company's refrigeration leak detection and repair program at certain of its facilities\. The Company is cooperating with the EPA in its investigation\. The EPA may seek to impose monetary and non\-monetary penalties for the alleged violations of the Clean Air Act\. The Company is unable to predict the final outcome of this matter, but the EPA could seek penalties in excess of $1 million\. Although the Company does not believe this matter will have a material adverse effect on its business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows, the Company can provide no assurance that its business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows will not be materially adversely affected\.
## ITEM 4.