## ITEM 3.
### LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
#### October 1 litigation. We and/or certain of our subsidiaries have been named as defendants in a number of lawsuits related to the October 1, 2017 shooting in Las Vegas. The matters involve in large degree the same legal and factual issues, each case being filed on behalf of individuals who are seeking damages for emotional distress, physical injury, medical expenses, economic damages and/or wrongful death based on assertions that we and/or certain of our subsidiaries were negligent. We also received letters from attorneys purporting to represent other persons with claims related to the October 1, 2017 shooting. Lawsuits were first filed in October 2017 and include actions filed by multiple individuals in the District Court of Clark County, Nevada and in the Superior Court of Los Angeles County, California. Some of the original actions have been voluntarily dismissed, and plaintiffs’ counsel indicate they anticipate re-filing the lawsuits in similar form. In June 2018, we removed to federal court all actions that remained pending in California and Nevada state courts following the voluntary dismissals. Motions to remand have been filed in several cases, and we anticipate that there may be additional motions to remand filed in the future. We also initiated declaratory relief actions in federal courts in various districts against individuals who had sued or stated an intent to sue. Additional lawsuits related to this incident may be filed in the future. In February of 2019, we and plaintiffs’ counsel commenced mediation of these matters.  The above-described litigation currently is stayed pending mediation.
We are currently unable to reliably predict the future developments in, outcome of, and economic costs and other consequences of pending or future litigation related to this matter\. We will continue to investigate the factual and legal defenses, and evaluate these matters based on subsequent events, new information and future circumstances\. We intend to defend against these lawsuits and ultimately believe we should prevail, but litigation of this type is inherently unpredictable\. Although there are significant procedural, factual and legal issues to be resolved that could significantly affect our belief as to the possibility of liability, we currently believe that it is reasonably possible that we could incur liability in connection with certain of these lawsuits\. The foregoing determination was made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, as codified in ASC 450\-20, and is not an admission of any liability on the part of us or any of our affiliates\. Given that these cases are in the early stages and in light of the uncertainties surrounding them, we do not currently possess sufficient information to determine a range of reasonably possible liability\. In the event we incur any liability, we believe it is unlikely we would incur losses in connection with these claims in excess of our insurance coverage\. The insurance carriers have not expressed a reservation of rights or coverage defense that affects our evaluation of potential losses in connection with these claims\. In addition, our general liability insurance coverage provides, as part of the contractual “duty to defend”, payment of legal fees and associated costs incurred to defend covered lawsuits that are filed arising from the October 1, 2017 shooting in Las Vegas\. Payment of such fees and costs is in addition to \(and not limited by\) the limits of the insurance policies and does not erode the total liability coverage available\.
#### Other. We are a party to various legal proceedings, most of which relate to routine matters incidental to our business. Management does not believe that the outcome of such proceedings will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.